[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: Let's move onto actions.
And again,
I'm gonna go through a small silly example
just to illustrate how these things fit
together before I set you guys loose next.
So there will be plenty of opportunity
to see how these things work for
real in code.
So actions are your go to thing for
handling user interaction.
You've heard the term
data-binding which is like when
you've already used data-binding.
When you're using each and then you're
printing out and your linked to helper,
you're using the org id as the text for
your links.
If you were to change that JavaScript
object, there would be data-binding there.
So, and the HTML would update
automatically is the point.
So action-binding is another way
of connecting template with code.
And in this case,
you're binding an act that the user
performs on a DOM element or
a component, and potentially you can
programmatically fire off actions and
have them received somewhere.
But you can essentially connect
an action handler with an action,
and the default action is click.
So if, on the lower left here,
we set up a span and
used the action handlebars
helper in this way,
it will fire off an action
called thingWasClicked.
And then in a route, we have this
actions object that will contain
in all actions that this route
is inter-designed to handle,
and it'll send off an alert like this.
So, similarly, to link to,
where you can pass data
as the last parameter, in the case of link
to, it's populating dynamic segments.
Here, the third through nth arguments will
simply be passed along as
arguments to the action handler.
So, here we're passing
123 in the template file.
And you can see that we can accept
an argument in the action handler and
deal with that.
And so you can imagine if we were, say,
within each loop of the organization list,
we wanted an action that would
operate on an organization,
we need the action handler to know which
organization are we talking about.
And so this is how you would pass
that data along in order to have
the right context to deal with it.
Everyone set on actions?
So I should also point out
that actions are heavily
emphasized in the 2.0 latest Ember idioms.
If you use data-binding to try to handle
user interactions like if you make heavy,
heavy use of data-binding, you can
end up with some sloshing problems,
where you lose the context
of what the user was doing.
You just know that instead of knowing
that the user clicked on a checkbox,
you just know that this property
was set from true to false.
But you don't know whether it was done
programmatically or via a user clicking,
so you get disconnected
from the user's behavior.
And that kind of implementation
in aggregate can cause
some difficult to deal
with performance problems.
So what we say, the catch phrase is,
actions up, bindings down.
And that means actions should
be driving changes to data.
When the user clicks, and that means do
something, the action is the mechanism for
handling that.
And then for a change in data,
percolating back up and
changing what's displayed on the screen,
that is what you use data-bindings for.
Does that make sense?
>> Speaker 2: They're gonna ask if
you were gonna talk about closure actions?
>> Mike North: I'm
not going to talk about this right now.
I'm trying to get three simple chunks
in place so that we can get on,
get you guys coding again.